README.md, before:

![KittyClicker](/kitty-clicker.png)

## Cat-clicker project

In this project a web app was built from scratch during an interative process, integrating more and more complex functionality with each version.

###How to View This Page
Go to: https://ksan8.github.io/cat-clicker/

Alternatively, clone or download this repository, then open _index.html_ in your browser after starting a simple web server.

The easiest way is to use SimpleHTTPServer if you already have Python installed (it comes pre-installed on most Mac OS X and Linux computers). In a terminal window, cd into the downloaded directory and run the following command:

`python -m SimpleHTTPServer`

After it starts, you can navigate to http://0.0.0.0:8000/index.html in your preferred browser.

Click on the cat! Choose a different cat from the list, then click on its image to increment the count. Choose Admin mode to change the cat's attributes.

###Usage of the task-runner Grunt
Grunt is a task-runner that for this project was used to
minify CSS files (<a href="https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin">cssmin</a>) and JavaScript files (<a href="https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify">uglify</a>), as
well as resize and compress images (<a href="https://github.com/andismith/grunt-responsive-images">responsive_images</a>) via <a href="http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php">ImageMagick</a>.

Getting Started with <a href="http://gruntjs.com/getting-started">Grunt</a>.

More <a href="https://github.com/javsalazar/grunt-boilerplate">specific instructions</a> on using Grunt for a Udacity project.

###Author
Kezia Wineberg

###Contact
ksan8@protonmail.com

Commit message:

Add Udacity info to README

README.md, after:

![KittyClicker](/kitty-clicker.png)

## Cat-clicker project
This was completed early in [Udacity](https://www.udacity.com/)'s  [Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001?v=fe1) program.

In this project a web app was built from scratch during an interative process, integrating more and more complex functionality with each version.

###How to View This Page
Go to: https://ksan8.github.io/cat-clicker/

Alternatively, clone or download this repository, then open _index.html_ in your browser after starting a simple web server.

The easiest way is to use SimpleHTTPServer if you already have Python installed (it comes pre-installed on most Mac OS X and Linux computers). In a terminal window, cd into the downloaded directory and run the following command:

`python -m SimpleHTTPServer`

After it starts, you can navigate to http://0.0.0.0:8000/index.html in your preferred browser.

Click on the cat! Choose a different cat from the list, then click on its image to increment the count. Choose Admin mode to change the cat's attributes.

###Usage of the task-runner Grunt
Grunt is a task-runner that for this project was used to
minify CSS files (<a href="https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin">cssmin</a>) and JavaScript files (<a href="https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-uglify">uglify</a>), as
well as resize and compress images (<a href="https://github.com/andismith/grunt-responsive-images">responsive_images</a>) via <a href="http://www.imagemagick.org/script/index.php">ImageMagick</a>.

Getting Started with <a href="http://gruntjs.com/getting-started">Grunt</a>.

More <a href="https://github.com/javsalazar/grunt-boilerplate">specific instructions</a> on using Grunt for a Udacity project.

###Author
Kezia Wineberg

###Contact
ksan8@protonmail.com
